net.minecraft.entity.LivingEntity net.minecraft.entity.Entity
net.minecraft.entity.decoration.ArmorStandEntity net.minecraft.entity.LivingEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.MobEntity net.minecraft.entity.LivingEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.PathAwareEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.MobEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.PassiveEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.PathAwareEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.PassiveEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.AxolotlEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.BeeEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.TameableEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.CatEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.TameableEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.TameableShoulderEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.TameableEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.ParrotEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.TameableShoulderEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.WolfEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.TameableEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.ChickenEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.CowEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.MooshroomEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.CowEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseBaseEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractDonkeyEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseBaseEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.DonkeyEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractDonkeyEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.LlamaEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractDonkeyEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.TraderLlamaEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.LlamaEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.MuleEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AbstractDonkeyEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseBaseEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.SkeletonHorseEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseBaseEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieHorseEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.HorseBaseEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.FoxEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.GoatEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.HoglinEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.OcelotEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.PandaEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.PigEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.PolarBearEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.RabbitEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.SheepEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.StriderEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.TurtleEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.AnimalEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.MerchantEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.PassiveEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.VillagerEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.MerchantEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.WanderingTraderEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.MerchantEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.PathAwareEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.BlazeEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.SpiderEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.CaveSpiderEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.SpiderEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.CreeperEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.DrownedEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.HuskEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieVillagerEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombifiedPiglinEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZombieEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.GuardianEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ElderGuardianEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.GuardianEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.EndermanEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.EndermiteEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.PatrolEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.raid.RaiderEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.PatrolEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.IllagerEntity net.minecraft.entity.raid.RaiderEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.SpellcastingIllagerEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.IllagerEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.EvokerEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.SpellcastingIllagerEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.IllusionerEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.SpellcastingIllagerEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.PillagerEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.IllagerEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.VindicatorEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.IllagerEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.RavagerEntity net.minecraft.entity.raid.RaiderEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.WitchEntity net.minecraft.entity.raid.RaiderEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.GiantEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractPiglinEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.PiglinEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractPiglinEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.PiglinBruteEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractPiglinEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.SilverfishEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractSkeletonEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.SkeletonEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractSkeletonEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.StrayEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractSkeletonEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.WitherSkeletonEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.AbstractSkeletonEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.VexEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.boss.WitherEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ZoglinEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.HostileEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.WaterCreatureEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.PathAwareEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.FishEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.WaterCreatureEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.SchoolingFishEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.FishEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.CodEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.SchoolingFishEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.SalmonEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.SchoolingFishEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.TropicalFishEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.SchoolingFishEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.PufferfishEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.FishEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.DolphinEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.WaterCreatureEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.SquidEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.WaterCreatureEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.GlowSquidEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.SquidEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.GolemEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.PathAwareEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.IronGolemEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.GolemEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.ShulkerEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.GolemEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.SnowGolemEntity net.minecraft.entity.passive.GolemEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.AmbientEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.MobEntity
net.minecraft.entity.passive.BatEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.AmbientEntity
net.minecraft.entity.boss.dragon.EnderDragonEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.MobEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.FlyingEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.MobEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.GhastEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.FlyingEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.PhantomEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.FlyingEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.SlimeEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.MobEntity
net.minecraft.entity.mob.MagmaCubeEntity net.minecraft.entity.mob.SlimeEntity
